a man can survive example I'm not sure
what to say next but anyhow today we are
getting to make one of the most popular
Thai dishes that it's a really popular
street food and what are we going to
make today
so we're going to make pad thai yes tag
it like you could see them in any Thai
restaurants right so what are the
ingredients that we have mr. September
mean this is about like tables one
tablespoon sugar it's the trap it's
about one and a half anti-women
like one tablespoon of sugar yes yes
just a pinch this occasion yeah yeah
yeah so I have the table spoons ha
yes okay all right the pitch silence yes
okay 1 tablespoon 1 tablespoon yeah
ingredients for the pep talk
right chef so the first one is gonna be
8 do we need to ace 2 you see an object
so you I like eggs I can have two a yeah
and this has a 200 this is audio for
them for the stir fry tofu fried tofu
yes and then peanut and then a protein
whatever you dream College to vote on
any kind this one I'm not familiar with
it's always preserved right my preserved
radish yes okay
this is for later use you know you don't
have to do that say yes and here we have
some rice noodle you soak it into water
yeah as a soda minute if we are about
thirty minutes there cap to make them
soft so your stir-fry will be a lot
easier so bean sprouts week yeah
great we had chickens put it in right
now or me anything is my fellow strength
you
we're
ready
why
so this piece of the audience in mind
also and if you can't make it at home at
your in New York City what do you do you
come by check thank you in Atlanta I
just want to give you some suggestion
but just kind of scale that might I say
I guess mean I it's already nice soft
and nice box below also along with my
Marta code I'll be writing about
pettalia and this article will be on
epic time check it out it's also going
to be a lot of entry you guys as well as
my facebook now we can find me on
Facebook Twitter Instagram
I do a very good job so if in my
recommendation
I need moisture because I'm tired and my
spicy food Oh more spices little bit but
you can add more spices view
and if they take a job is that it wasn't
this Frankie yeah it's really like chewy
and Chinese we call it hit Q and then
it's a really good balance between
sweetness and the sourness and up salty
is really delicious a chance it's gonna
be salty right yeah this everything is
really good but if I would cook this one
more time they also would add more
spices yeah okay anyhow thanks for
watching and I'll see you in the next
episode